Now that we've lightened up our account background, now comes the most important part, building out
the content for the screen.
And in order for us to do that, what we need to do is set up some styles in order for us to create
that centricity or that feeling of content on the screen.
So originally, we sent our account cover to have a background color of zero point three.
Now, what I want us to do is I want us to build a container that's going to be securely emulate that
same feeling.
And what we're going to call it is export consed account.
Container, and that's going to equal a styled component or styled view, rather, that's going to have
a background color of a higher opacity or a higher capacity of white.
So it's going to look a little bit more white.
We're going to set the padding to the proper spacing.
And then once we have that, we're going to go to our account screen.
And what we're going to do is we're going to bring in that account container.
And that account container is basically going to contain the intractable items that are available for
that screen.
And it's going to create this effect that basically counteracts what we're typically seeing on the light
in the background.
So you see here we have a slightly more white but still high opacity block.
And so in that block, we can then go and put elements in order for us to log in or register.
I hear you're thinking, Mom, how is it we've built almost an entire app yet?
We haven't used the button yet?
Well, we have used a couple of different types of buttons, but they've more been interactive elements
rather than specific button presses.
Now, you may be wondering, well, how do we use a button?
And over here in Riak Native, there is a button component, a basic button component that should render
nicely to each platform with minimal customization.
Now, it also says if this button doesn't look right for your app, you can build your own using the
touchable opacity or touchable without feedback.
And this allows you to basically build circular buttons or kind of customized buttons that need to need
that little bit of extra pizzazz for our use cases.
The regular button should work just fine.
So if we go back into our account screen, what we can do here is we can go into account thought styles
and we can specifically style a button by doing expert contact off button equals styled dot button.
And then what we're going to do here is we're going to adjust the attributes specifically.
So if we do the attributes and we go in and say that we want to specifically change the color, well,
the way that we would do that is we would change the attribute color.
So if we set color and then we set it to if we go look at our colors, that.
We can import the colors from over here and then we'll probably use brand that primary.
So if we do import colors and we do that from Delta Sigma Theta, Delta slash infrastructure, slash
theme colors, and once we import colors, we can use colors, thought brand that primary.
So we'll set colors, that brand, that primary.
And the reason we have the important colors here is because the theme is not available when you set
the attributes here.
So if we go look at that now and we went into our account screen first to set up the button.
Meaning going here and then saying off button.
If we set our off button with a title of login.
Then we can see here in the UI that the Log-in is being set, but it's getting a very specific UI over
here, it's not really looking like the press me button that is over here.
So if we go look at press me.
And we see over here.
In iOS, it's specifically getting a UI that we don't particularly want if we go look on iOS now, when
we say tap play, we can see that it's going to do a UI specific representation, which looks a little
like this.
These are the iOS standard buttons.
OK, well, that's not really what we want, is it?
That's not how we want our off button to look, even though it's even though it works.
It's just a piece of text and it doesn't really feel buttons.
And given it's an Iowa standard, we can see here on our Android device, for instance, that if we
reopen, it looks like a real button.
So we want that look and feel.
Now, where can we get that?
Well, maybe react.
Native Pepper has something.
So let's go look at react native pepper.
And if we look at react native pepper.
Or react native pepper, and then we go to the getting started, we can see over here that it has a
button component and that button component feels a bit more like an actual button.
So let's go ahead and import that button rather than creating our own button based on the React Netiv
Button, because that isn't feeling quite right.
OK, so over here at the top will import button from Riak native paper, and then once we do that,
well, what do we need to do here?
OK, well, it kind of looks like this.
It can have an icon.
What do we need it to look like?
Well, let's let's try this one out.
Let's see what it looks like.
So if we do this and we say button, and instead of having it look like a camera, maybe we could try
a different type of icon.
So we'll say over here, Log-in.
Then over here, if we go to icons, what we can see is that they can use your native vector icons or
material icons.
So let's open up the list and let's look for like a block.
And what we can see is that there's all different types of locks.
There's a lock open outline, so let's use that one.
We can put the icon in here and then let's see what it looks like on the screen are much better.
Much, much better.
That looks like a real button, doesn't it?
But it's a bit purple.
So how would we adjust the color of this one?
Well, let's look for color so dark.
What are the color is a dark color.
So this says whether the color is a dark color, a dark button will render with light text and vice
versa.
Hmm.
We can also give a custom color.
Well, I prefer that much more.
So if we said, for instance, color and we said black here, what would it look like?
Well, that's going to render black.
OK.
OK, well that works.
Maybe we could maybe we could take this button and kind of customize it over here where we had our colors.
So if we said expert consed off button again and instead of making off button, a styled button will
import the button from Riak native paper and instead of using style, the button will do styled button
and then we'll do that and we'll set the color to colors, dot brand, dot primary and then we'll,
we'll have a primary branded button.
And over here, instead of using this, what we can do is we can import off button.
And we can use that over here and over here with a custom color.
And if we go look at our oh, that looks much better, that all with the padlock, absolutely amazing.
Nice touch, focus looks beautiful.
And now we can also create an off button for registration.
So if we go over here and we say off button and we remove the color over here because we don't need
to set the color, it's coming.
It's already being set externally.
And then we say, for instance, what should we set over here or register?
That's the button we need.
Well, they're close to each other.
So, you know, maybe we need a spacer.
Let's import spacer.
From dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, slash components, slash spacer slash spacer component,
and then we can say that the spacer has a spot right over here, right around this component, and lets
space it from the top.
And once we do that, OK, the space is good, we could maybe we could maybe work on the sizing and
so let's go look at our space or component once more.
And if we look at our space or component right here, we can see that it takes in the position and the
size.
So let's adjust the size specifically and let's set that to large.
And then that feels like better spacing.
That feels like better spacing.
But there's one more thing.
And we need to, like, make this button look a bit more professional.
So maybe we should add some padding to the button.
If we add a padding where we do a props and we say props, thought theme thought space too, would that
look at a much more breathable buttons?
And they they interact way better this way.
Although you can see that the clickable area is centered, so you can see exactly where you're clicking.
That's that's pretty nice.
It's pretty neat.
And so now that we have this set up, let's make them interactive.
Let's make them go somewhere.
And as we said before, whenever we have a screen that is directly linked to a route right here, which
is main, main is account screen, if we go to our account screen, we should have navigation available.
So we'll grab navigation here.
And then we can say navigation, dot navigate and we can tell it to go to lagom right over here.
Navigation, dot navigate and we'll go to lagom.
And then down here, we'll say navigation, not navigate, and we'll go to register, so log in and
register and that should do it if we press login.
There we go.
We're on the login screen if you press register.
Oh, well, register with the navigator payload.
So apparently we do not have a register route.
Let's go look at our account navigator.
Looks like I made a small typo, very important to fix those.
And so now if we hit register, we'll go over to our register screen.
Awesome.
So we have that full interactivity working and it's looking pretty sweet.
Next, we'll work on kind of getting the login screen in the register screen in a good state and then
we'll we'll add on some nifty little things like the animation in the title and all that good stuff.